Separate API standards from specific api.ons.gov.uk implementation (#6)
ONSdigital/dp-standards: api-standards/structure.md

An extension of the [API Standards](../API_STANDARDS.md), with implementation details specific to development of RESTful APIs for ONS.

## RESTful API Structure and Syntax

### Syntax & types

  * Field names snake case, e.g. `total_count`

>   * Use appropriate types for fields, e.g. numbers should be ints not strings

Reviewer: could you add a difference between 10 and 10.0 pls

Reviewer 2: Yeah we should probably update this example

```suggestion
  * Use appropriate types for fields, e.g. numbers should be numeric types for the language in use and not strings, so integers, floating point numbers etc.
```

Author: DIdn't refresh and see nathans comment before posting. I'll add a 'it is acceptable to use a string for a field which may contain a number or other string, but use the appropriate type where its consistent'

Reviewer 2: So JSON can handle floating numbers and Open API 3.0 defines the type number as either integers or floating points - https://swagger.io/specification/v3/#:~:text=The%20formats%20defined%20by%20the%20OAS%20are%3A

So in the above example numbers can be integers or floating points. It might be better to just link off to the Open API documentation?

  * Timestamps should be UTC (optionally, with a timezone)
  * Root endpoint IDs should always be referred to as `id`, rather than name-spaced. All IDs under this level will need descriptive placeholder names. e.g. /datasets/<id>/editions/<edition> where /datasets is the root endpoint

### Methods & Behaviours
 * Use the `GET` method for search endpoints

>  * `POST` endpoints should typically generate IDs, and these should use GUIDs not auto-incrementing counts

Reviewer: POST endpoints should return tag

Reviewer 2: Do you mean Etag? I can do this in my next PR

Author: An etag? I wasnt sure that standard had been approved yet?I know Nathan plans to document etags so I might leave that for him unless you mean something else

* Resources should avoid a nested list by having a links to list endpoints
* Responses must contain fully qualified URLs, though this may be managed by the API router
* `Links` object contains descriptively named objects which each contain
  an `id` (optional) and `url` field e.g.
  ```
  {  
      "id":"1234",
      "data":"i have stuff",
      "links": {  
          "latest_resource": {  
              "id":"5678",
              "url":"/thisapi/1234/subresources/5678"
          },
          "external": {  
              "id":"3456",
              "url":"/extresources/3456"
          },
          "subresources":{
              "url":"/thisapi/1234/subresources"
          },
          "self":{
              "id":"1234",
              "url":"/thisapi/1234"
          }
      }
  }
  ```
* Resources may link to their direct parent, a child list, or any relevant
  external resources. Resources which are many layers deep in an API do not need
  to contain links to all higher elements e.g. the resource at
  `/datasets/1234/editions/2345/versions/1` would contain a link to
  `/datasets/1234/editions/2345` but not to `/datasets/1234`

### Returning errors

>   * **Errors** should return a status code and a JSON payload with the error message

Reviewer: should not found be 404 or 400 with an error message ?

Reviewer 2: So not found can be either 400 or 404; 404 is more explicit than 400 for not found and hence we tend to use 404 status codes in our APIs.

Do we think it is important to specify when we use certain status codes for particular mistakes made by the API user here or allow teams more autonomy to decide how specific they would like to get with status code?

Author: Not found should be 404, but ill make sure thats clear

Author: I actually think it'd be helpful to go into some detail, for instance I was recently explaining the security risk introduced by exposing 403s on unpublished pages rather than obscuring them behind 404s. 

But this PR was meant to primarily be a structural change, I havent actually changed what this section says so I'd prefer that additional detail be a separate PR
